BUT FIRST MY OPEN.
LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
SHE AND HER FAMILY FLEE WAR-TORN
SOMALIA WHERE 500,000 ARE KILLED
DURING A CIVIL WAR.
THEN SENT TO A REFUGEE CAMP IN
KENYA FOR FOUR YEARS.
THEY ARE THEN RESETTLED BY OUR
GOVERNMENT IN VIRGINIA TO ENJOY
THE CORNUCOPIA OF RIGHTS,
PRIVILEGES AND BENEFITS THE
UNITED STATES OFFERS.
THE SHE IS CONGRESSWOMAN ILHAN
OMAR, WHO REPRESENTS MINNESOTA'S
FIFTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
IN CONGRESS ONLY ABOUT TWO
MONTHS.
BUT SHE HAS GOTTEN ATTENTION FAR
BEYOND WASHINGTON FOR HER
ANTI-SEMITISM.
BUT AS EARLY AS 2012 SHE TWEETED
QUOTE ISRAEL HAS HYPNOTIZED THE
WORLD.
MAY ALLAH AWAKEN THE PEOPLE AND
HELP THEM SEE THE EVIL DOINGS OF
ISRAEL.
AFTER AN UPROAR IN HER HOME
STATE SHE APOLOGIZED.
PROMISING TO LEARN MORE ABOUT
ANTI-ACCEPT TELEPHONE.
APPARENTLY SHE DID NOT.
ONCE IN CONGRESS SHE CONTINUED
WITH HER HEIGHT-FILLED
ANTI-SEMITIC LANGUAGE.
FIRST CALLING FOR THE BOYCOTT OF
EVENTS IN ISRAEL, AND EVEN FOR
THE ERADICATION OF ISRAEL
BECAUSE OF THEIR SO-CALLED
OPPRESSION OF PALESTINE.
SHORTLY THEREAFTER SHE TWEETS,
IT'S ALL ABOUT THE BENJAMINS,
BABY.
BENJAMINS A CLEAR REFERENCE TO
THE HUNDRED DOLLAR BILL.
SHORTLY AFTER THAT SHE CONTINUES
HER HATE-FILLED RANT, ACCUSING
ANOTHER DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN
OF HAVING A DUAL LOYALTY, PLEDGE
ALLEGIANCE TO ISRAEL.
SHE IS QULEFER, THOUGH,
RESPONDING WITH I AM TOLD I AM
ANTI-AMERICAN IF I AM NOT PRO
ISRAEL.
THE HOUSE KNEW IT HAD TO TAKE
ACTION.
AFTER A WEEK OF CHAOS ON THE
PART OF HOUSE MEMBERS TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT IF OMAR SHOULD BE
REPRIMANDED, IDENTIFIED BY NAME
AS WELL AS REMOVED FROM THE
POWERFUL FOREIGN RELATIONS
COMMITTEE, SPEAKER PELOSI COMES
OUT WITH A WATERED DOWN, DUMB,
DISAPPOINTING RESOLUTION THAT
NEITHER CONDEMNS OMAR NOR
MENTIONS HER NAME.
A SIMPLE WE SHOULDN'T HATE EACH
OTHER.
>> I DON'T THINK OUR COLLEAGUE
IS ANTI-SEMITIC.
I THINK SHE HAS YOU A DIFFERENCE
EXPERIENCE AND USE OF WORDS AND
DOESN'T UNDERSTAND SOME OF THEM
ARE FRAUGHT WITH MEANING SHE
DIDN'T REALIZE.
JUDGE JEANINE: NANCY, SHE SPEAKS
PERFECT ENGLISH.
SHE GRADUATED FROM A COLLEGE IN
THE UNITED STATES.
YOU ARE SAYING SHE DOESN'T
UNDERSTAND THE WORDS?
ARE YOU SAYING SHE IS STUPID?
THAT SHE DOESN'T UNDERSTAND?
THEN WHAT THE HELL IS SHE DOING
ON THE PRESTIGIOUS FOREIGN
RELATIONS COMMITTEE?
SHE SPEAKS FLUENTLY USING TROPES
WHICH ARE FIGURATIVE AND
METAPHORICAL.
SHE IS FAR FROM STUPID.
SHE IS CLEAR AND POINTED IN HER
HATRED.
HER COMMENTS ONLY CRITICAL OF
JEWS AND ISRAEL.
NOT ITALY, NOT MOROCCO, NOT
NORTH KOREA.
ISRAEL.
NOW THE FACT THAT YOU DIDN'T
HAVE THE BACKBONE, GRIT OR
GUMPTION TO DRAFT A RESOLUTION
THAT INCLUDED HER NAME TELLS ME
YOU ARE THE STUPID ONE.
IF YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND, LET ME
EXPLAIN.
OMAR GOT YOU AND ALL YOUR PALS
TO DRAFT A WATERED DOWN
RESOLUTION WITH A MESSAGE WE ALL
LEARNED IN FIRST GRADE.
DON'T HATE ANYBODY.
REALLY?
THAT TOOK YOU BOZOS A WEEK IN
THE HOUSE?
YET YOU WERE SO QUICK TO
ADMONISH A WHITE MALE REPUBLICAN
CONGRESSMAN ACCUSED OF HATE AND
STRIP HIM OF HIS COMMITTEE
ASSIGNMENTS.
SHE THEN GOES ON TO ACCUSE
RESPECTED MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
WHO SUPPORT ISRAEL, OUR
STRONGEST ALLY IN THE MIDDLE
EAST OF DUAL LOYALTY.
WHAT SHE IS DOING IS STARTING A
MOVEMENT TO SHUT DOWN PRO ISRAEL
SPEECH, MAKING IT POLITICALLY
INCORRECT.
SO WHEN SHE COMES UP WITH A
PRO-PALESTINIAN AGENDA, THE
PRO-ISRAEL ARE RETICENT TO SPEAK
BECAUSE SHE HAS ALREADY PROVEN
THAT THE DEMS WILL NOT PUNISH
HER.
AND TALK ABOUT CHUTZPAH.
SHE TAKES A VICTORY LAP IN AN
UNREPENTANT AND CLASS TASED
TWEET BY SAYING QUOTE OUR NATION
IS HAVING A DIFFICULT
CONVERSATION, BUT WE BELIEVE
THIS IS GREAT PROGRESS.
BUT SHE CONTINUES HER DISTAIN
AND DETEST FOR ISRAEL IGNORING
HOW ISRAEL HAS ASSISTED US,
ADVANTAGE OUR INTERESTS IN THE
MIDDLE EAST, PREVENTING
VICTORIES FROM RADICAL
NATIONALISTS MOVEMENTS.
SHE THEN GOES ON TO SLAM BARACK
OBAMA SAYING HE'S JUST ANOTHER
PRETTY FACE WHO GOT AWAY WITH
MURDER, CAGING KIDS AND DRONING
PEOPLE IN THE MIDDLE EAST.
BUT SHE ADDS, HE IS A BIT MORE
POLISHED.
MY QUESTION.
WHY THE DISDAIN FOR THE
GOVERNMENT OF THE COUNTRY THAT
SAVED YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AFTER
YOU LIVED IN A TENT IN KENYA FOR
FOUR YEARS?
WHY THE SCORN?
AND AS THE DEMOCRATS SCRAMBLE TO
FORGIVE, RATIONALIZE AND GIVE A
PASS TO A FRESHMAN IN CONGRESS,
THE JOKE IS ON YOU, NANCY.
YOU APPEASED RISING
ANTI-SEMITISM INSIDE THE
DEMOCRAT PARTY.
LET ME SAY THAT AGAIN.
YOU AND THE WHOLE GANG RUNNING
FOR PRESIDENT IN THE DEMOCRATIC
PRIMARY IN 2020 HAVE APPEASED
THE RISE OF ANTI-SEMITISM IN THE
DEMOCRAT PARTY.
THE SAD PART IS THAT ALL THIS IS
CONTRARY TO THE TENETS OF YOUR
PARTY, WHICH IS SO RECEPTIVE TO
THE LGBTQ COMMUNITY, ILLEGAL
IMMIGRANTS, REFUGEES AND ON AND
ON.
THIS IS NOT WHO YOUR PARTY IS.
YOUR PARTY IS NOT ANTI-ISRAEL,
SHE IS.
THINK ABOUT THIS.
SHE IS NOT GETTING THIS
ANTI-ISRAEL SENTIMENT DOCTRINE
FROM THE DEMOCRAT PARTY.
SO IF IT'S NOT ROOTED IN THE
PARTY, WHERE IS SHE GETTING IT
FROM?
THINK ABOUT IT.
OMAR WEARS A HIJAB, WHICH
ACCORDING TO THE QURAN, TELLS
WOMEN TO COVER SO THEY WON'T GET
MOLESTED.
IS HER ADHERENCE TO THIS
ISLAMIST DOCTRINE HERRED A HERNS
TO SHARIA LAW WHICH IS
ANTITHETICAL TO THE U.S.
CONSTITUTION?
JEWS HAVE BEEN PERSECUTED FROM
ALMOST THE BEGINNING OF TIME.
AND NOW WE ARE WITNESSING THE
RISE OF ANTI-SEMITISM IN EUROPE,
WHERE INCIDENTS ARE UP 74% IN
THE LAST YEAR ALONE IN FRANCE.
WHERE JEWISH CEMETERIES ARE
REGULARLY DESECRATED WITH
SWASTIKAS.
AND PEOPLE USE THE COMMON TROPES
OF JEWS WITH TOO MUCH MONEY
AND INFLUENCE.
WE ALL KNOW HOW IT STARTS.
HATE IS HATE.
HATE LEADS TO VIOLENCE.
AND VIOLENCE LEADS TO
RETALIATION WHICH THEN LEADS TO
UNREST AND WORSE.
YES, NANCY, IT'S ALL ABOUT
HATING ISRAEL TO PROMOTE THE
CAUSE OF PALESTINE.
PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS RIGHT WHEN
HE SAID THE DEMOCRAT PARTY IS
NOW THE ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY.
AND DON'T FORGET, NANCY, HISTORY
HAS PROVEN OVER AND OVER, WHEN
YOU APPEASE ANTI-SEMITIC
SENTIMENTS, THE WORSE HAPPENS.
AND IN YOUR CASE, NANCY, THE
DANGER FOR YOU IS THAT YOUR
APPEASING THIS BEHAVIOR WILL
LEAD TO YOUR REMOVAL AS SPEAKER